COOPERATION AGREEMENT FOR TEAM BRINNE

Communication:
	Wordformat, Facebook messaging group

Attendance and contribution in both the project report and the process report:
	Until further agreement, we all meet every wednesday at 09:15.
	If someone doesn't show up at a meeting without having warned beforehand, they need to bring >=200g chocolate to the next meeting. (The normal yellow milkchocolate do not have gluten).
	You can warn absence "for free" (beforehand) once, but the second time you need to bring chocolate as described above.
	People have to finish their tasks independently of their absences.
	No groupmember has to stay later than 17:30 on a workday, unless the group has otherwise agreed before said workday.
	If a groupmember does not finish an agreed upon task, said groupmember has to finish said task on the next workday (and stay late if necessary), as well as finish all tasks for that next workday.

Expectations for the individual's contribution:
	We aim for the best! Grade A all around!
	But we're not going to complain about getting B.

Teamwork climate:
	Facebook message group for group communication.
	Friendly environment!
	We will try to meet once a month for a social pizza dinner @ Egon/Tyholt.

Leadership function; any other roles in team:
	We need a coordinator, but we will not decide now in week 2.
	The coordinator needs to the be the one in the group who has the overview of the groups activities at any time. The "go-to" person for the group.

Decision processes (+Non-conformances/disagreement):
	It's a democracy, but in ties we use the village advisors to break the tie.

Feedback:
	Intergroup feedback has to be reported in the facebook message group, but only AFTER the meeting the feedback concerns.
		The idea is that people should get a chance to cool off and decide whether it is worth writing in the facebook message group.

Information flow:
	Besides the facebook messaging group, any other information flow will be "ad-hoc" as we need them -- flexible.

Progress:
	At the start of each village day (after the check-in), the group decides on a aim/goal for the day.
	We also want to agree on three milestones, dividing the remaining weeks into three segments to alleviate the workload in the final weeks.
	Always include references at first opportunity.
