Personal reflection:

It went ok, some nervousness due to new people, but the humor was good and light throughout the day.
I felt that I was very strongly labeled, in more ways than one, I just hope this won't be of hindrance to me later in inter-personal relations within the group.

Communication within the group:
I notice that I sometimes use a bit too advanced words for some of my groupmembers to comprehend what I try to say.
	This is frustrating, because I try to use the correct words for the different situations, and I feel it's not my problem that the other groupmembers have not learned said words.
	I don't mind helping them by telling them what the words mean.

I notice that some groupmembers speak very low, and still haven't learned that they need to speak up for me to hear them. Could be my fault with hard of hearing, but I remember a doctor's check where they tested me for that many years ago where there were no faults of hearing evident.

There's also a propensity in the group of splitting up and talking with the person beside instead of the whole group. Not a problem in and of itself, but sometimes I wonder if they also manage to make sure to convey whatever was discussed between the two to the rest of the group.

The group work today (29th of January 2014):
	It went okay, but I feel that we're too ill prepared for the task. It would help alot if the village leaders would give us a week-by-week itinerary so that we would know what to be prepared for in advance.
	The fan of Mihails laptop annoys me.
	I feel like Saidee and myself (followed by Mihail and Berhane) are the most outspoken persons in the group. I worry about this balance. Everybody had already agreed to my way of thinking; that every person had to speak up for him or herself.
		It makes me feel as if they don't care, or don't work as hard to come with initiative (sometimes). And that of course is annoying.
	Otherwise, we had an okay day, we narrowed down the ideas we had for our coming project.
		We now have three ideas left:
		- Naval fleet of solar powered drones
		- Remotely operated vehicle to measure stuff in the ocean (Hossein's idea)
		- GPS controlled bypass control river system


